#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geoip2
    #   langchain
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
arnparse==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-countries
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
    #   redis
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
aws-requests-auth==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
bleach==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.36.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   kombu
botocore==1.36.17
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bytecode==0.16.1
    # via ddtrace
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
celery[redis,sqs]==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   launchdarkly-server-sdk
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
contexttimer==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cramjam==2.9.1
    # via python-snappy
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
ddtrace==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via opentelemetry-api
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
django==4.2.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-dirtyfields
    #   django-fast-update
    #   django-filter
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis-cache
    #   django-storages
    #   django-tenants
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-imagekit
django-cache-friendly-timestamp-signer==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cte==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-dirtyfields==1.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-fast-update==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-filters
django-imagekit==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis-cache @ git+https://github.com/PokaInc/django-redis-cache.git@v1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-snowflake==4.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sortedm2m==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tenants==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework @ git+https://github.com/encode/django-rest-framework.git@605cc4f7367f58002056453d9befd3c1918f6a38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-filters
    #   drf-extensions
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-filters==1.0.0.dev2
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
envier==0.6.1
    # via ddtrace
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
expiringdict==1.2.2
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
faker==36.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.17.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
geoip2==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn[gthread]==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
hiredis==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   markdown
    #   opentelemetry-api
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via coreschema
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.4
    # via openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
kombu[sqs]==5.4.2
    # via celery
langchain==0.3.18
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.34
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.8
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
launchdarkly-eventsource==1.2.1
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
launchdarkly-server-sdk==9.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
logstash-formatter==0.5.17
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
maxminddb==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geoip2
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via pusher
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   pgvector
objproxies==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.61.1
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.3
    # via openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-api==1.30.0
    # via ddtrace
orjson==3.10.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pathable==0.4.4
    # via jsonschema-path
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pilkit==3.0
    # via django-imagekit
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pilkit
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via snowflake-connector-python
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via ddtrace
psutil==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pusher==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pusher-push-notifications==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pusher
pybreaker==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycurl==7.45.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   kombu
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pusher-push-notifications
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pusher
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pusher
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pypdf==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrfc3339==2.0.1
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   celery
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements.in
python-redis-lock==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-snappy==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django-redis-cache
    #   python-redis-lock
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-requests-auth
    #   coreapi
    #   geoip2
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   pusher
    #   pusher-push-notifications
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.11.2
    # via boto3
semver==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   launchdarkly-server-sdk
sentry-sdk==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   pusher
    #   pusher-push-notifications
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
snowflake-connector-python==3.13.2
    # via django-snowflake
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via langchain
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   bytecode
    #   ddtrace
    #   django-countries
    #   kombu
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   referencing
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   kombu
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   kombu
    #   launchdarkly-eventsource
    #   launchdarkly-server-sdk
    #   pusher
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   ddtrace
    #   deprecated
xlsxwriter==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via ddtrace
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
